So I don't tell me about these fights you're getting into so I'm not I'm not a big fighter. In
fact, I hate conflict. I like I my personality is such that I can't stand if someone's upset
with me, but I seem to I seem to be attracting it on Twitter. I think on Twitter, I think I'm just
kind of like a jerk. I don't know, like in person, I'm much easier to get along with. I feel like
on Twitter, the way I write, the way I type words, I think it just comes off abrasive and I just I
yeah, I don't like it, but I'm definitely getting in more fights than normal. I think I've been kind
of negative on Twitter too. Sorry, this is not answering the question you actually asked. I'm just
reflecting for the first time, I think. Yesterday, I got a fight yesterday. No, I wouldn't say it's a
fight, but it's still kind of unresolved. Just conflict where I think we were just in two very
different worlds talking about very different things, but somehow inflaming each other. I guess
I could tell you what it's about. Do you want to know what the fight was about or what the conflict
was about? Yeah, let's play back. What happened? Okay, so it's like 930 in the morning and I'm just
mining my I'm just kidding. I don't know the timeline. I was just on Twitter and I was upset
about the DHH thing, which we haven't talked about. I think we're just done talking about
DHH things, but the latest thing to quickly recap, DHH 37 signals, basecamp guy, they'd like a thing
for orchestrating containers on your own bare metal hardware. Anyway, I got really upset because
I feel like he keeps saying these things and he's inviting startups and founders into this
conversation that you should reconsider cloud and you should consider doing all this other work
that you shouldn't ever consider doing if you're a startup. I just said something on Twitter about
it because it upsets me every time I see anything that that man says. Someone that's a mutual follow
of mine who I didn't really know how I knew him or there's a lot of that on Twitter, I guess.
You know, some maybe you don't really know how you know him. I think he maybe worked for AWS at
one time, but I don't know what he does. I don't know his role, anything about him, and he sort of
like took issue with something I said, quote, tweeted it. It ended up in like a place where it was like
never listening to startup founders or idiots and like, quote, tweeting more of my stuff and
everything he would reply to me, he would retweet himself. So it's just like a very public conversation
and it tries to hit works for Dell. Like he works for Dell. He's like super into how data centers
operate. And I don't care at all how data centers operate. I care about building very early stage
software companies and talking with people who do that. And we were just not, we were not seeing
AI. We're still not. I guess we're getting on the phone later today. So we'll see if it gets better.
But like, I think he thought everything I was saying sort of was attacking hardware vendors
when I don't care about hardware vendors in the least. I don't care about hardware. I don't want
to know about hardware. I don't know anything about data centers or how they operate. But the
things I was saying somehow sort of like drummed up in him, you're attacking my essence. Okay, I'm
going to stop and give you a sec. I think that situation is a great example of something that
happens over and over on the internet. The thing I am starting to say is I'm not actually looking
for people to disagree with me anymore. I'm just kind of like looking for more people to agree with
me. If I'm being completely honest, I know you're not supposed to say that. But I think the reality
is, is there's kind of this assumption that, and because it sounds innately good, it sounds like,
"Oh yeah, the internet should bring people from different bubbles and put them together so they
can get better acquainted with each other's perspectives." And I think that can happen,
and I think that does happen. But I think the majority of times, there's really no natural reason
why certain two certain people should even come across each other. And I think the result is usually
them getting upset with each other, thinking that one person is attacking another person,
and one they really have no reason to come across paths. And I want to kind of retreats
further into the way they think or like their tribe, whatever it is. So it's this weird thing where
people try to solve this conflict by, I think, increasing the amount of, I don't know what to
call intersections. But in a lot of ways, I think, historically, most of human history,
you, everything was hyper-local. You just interacted with the people physically around you.
And that maybe eliminated your view of the world in a negative way. So you definitely want a little
more of that. But what we have today is definitely unnatural. And this is a funny situation because
you're both in tech, and you would think that is one single group. But you're in a completely
different subsection. And your experiences don't actually overlap at all. Not even a little.
Yeah. And it's funny, like, if you think about all of human history, like strong,
local communities, where you depend on each other, all that, that's all broken down too. So we don't
even have a lot of that. I think the more we go online, and the more connected we are,
we're not only like now interacting with people that maybe we just shouldn't. Maybe we just
don't have a reason to. But we're losing those strong bonds around us with people that kind of
ground us. It's just a recipe for disaster. It's well documented, right? There's like a whole
documentary about this, right? The Facebook thing. We're basically all headed toward
destroying each other because we all hate each other more every day. Is that accurate?
Yeah. And I think the medium itself is also interesting. I've had this experience so many times
where, so as we can rewind, maybe like five or six years, my friends started this Slack group
that was not just a bunch of my high school friends. And they invited just cool people that
they knew through work or like other people kind of around the same age, kind of similar backgrounds,
like, you know, it's very New York focused. And it was a great community to be a part of.
But there were some like really epic crazy fights that went down in there that lasted like hours
with like tons of people chiming in and people dunking on each other. And it would get pretty
intense and it would kind of take up your whole day. And you just wouldn't stop thinking about it
for days. And over time, like there were like these groups that formed that typically would
fight each other. And you just had this crazy perception of these other people. But because
we were all in New York, like we would go to the same parties together and things like that. And
in person, it was so normal. And so like we all like loved each other. But then we'd forget like
once we go quickly online, like we'd forget that. And then we'd have this other distorted view of
people. And I think that experience, I think I learned how to operate a little bit. Like I remember
when I first, I would kind of do everything. Oh, they really get sucked into a lot of this stuff. And
and kind of repeat the same, the same cycles that were just kind of negative at the end of it.
I always regretted everything at the end. I was regretted engaging. I was regretted all of it.
But I think that kind of built up a little bit of awareness in myself around what is worth
engaging with and what's not like there is there's always like a potential good side that can come
out of engaging. But oftentimes it ends up being being worse. And if you did nothing.
Yeah. So what's the argument again? Like, I know there are a lot of people that say
we need that outside influence, the other perspectives from people that aren't like us.
Is there just a right amount of dosage and we just get too much of it? Is that the problem?
I think there's just certain parameters that need that people need to abide by for this to be
productive. So for me, if I say something and the first reply to it is not a question,
some of them might disagree. But typically, you usually want to get some clarification before you
really sort of aggressively attacking them. If the first response is to immediately scale it up to
this guy's an idiot or even if you remove the name calling, if you just look at it as
they're just coming out with a certain intensity. And honestly, tweeting as a first
move is kind of like that because a quote tweet is just like, to your follower, say like,
look at this dummy. It's usually the format of that. And I've done it myself. And I think we all do
it. So if the first step is not that, I think it's worth engaging with. If it's that, I almost
always take the approach of my interpretation of that as being the first move is they're not looking
to sharpen their awareness or sharpen my awareness. They're kind of looking for the arguments that
we're all addicted to. We are all addicted to arguing and it is addicting. We all feel bad after,
but it is addicting in a moment. So I can see when that's the first move, I interpret that as,
okay, they're looking to satisfy that addiction. And I get pleasure out of depriving that mode.
Oftentimes when someone replies to me in that way, I'll just reply being like, yes.
And I won't, I won't say anything else. And then I can just feel the frustration that they really
wanted to get me to play. You're not taking the high road necessarily. You're just like a
sadist, like you're just enjoying their pain, but for arriving than they are doing.
No, no. Yeah. I, I try to take the high road by not responding at all, but sometimes people just
keep, you know, trying to like, yeah, the other day I was talking about, I was like, I had those
tweets where I was talking about how the front end world has adopted serverless in a much more
intuitive way where they don't even think about anything else. And not even having these
discussions around like bare metal, whatever. And I thought that was interesting because
us in the back end world were like still having this conversation and the front end world like
completely moved on. Yeah. And that offended a bunch of people who were, who identified as
back end engineers. So a bunch of people were replying. I identify as a back end engineer. Go
ahead. Yeah. And a bunch of people were like, look at this idiot front end engineer, like thinking
bubble. And I'm like, I want to tell her things. I'm a front engineer. Well, you know more about
front end to be fair than most front end engineers. So it's you kind of are a front engineer. You're
just, you prefer to be a back end engineer or whatever you are. I mean, you can have a conversation with
Ryan Cardiado about the depths of react and solid in ways that I don't think there are many
front end developers that can do that. So the front end label, I think is aptly labeled or thrown
on you. You know, it definitely makes sense why people perceive me that way because most of my
conversations on Twitter are about the front end. But like my day to day work is so far from now.
Like I'm literally working on infrastructure. Yeah. So I offended a few people. And then
someone was replying being trying to, they just kept trying to like get me to fight them. And
they kept being like, they just kept implying that I was a front engineer and knew nothing about
back end. So I was replied being like, I'm a back end engineer and then say anything else. And they
replied again saying, well, if you're a back end engineer, that means you're saying that front end
people are smarter than you. And I was like, yes. And then they stopped. And I didn't feel bad. I
felt good. Where if I'm sure if I got into like a debate with them, I would have felt bad. I think
we would have both felt bad. So I think I kind of saved both of us in some ways. Yeah. Yeah. No,
I was just reminding me of an episode where I felt really bad for two days after a pretty bad
Twitter fight. And like, I just said a lot of things I shouldn't have said. And I regretted it.
And I had to apologize to a whole lot of people. I got phone calls about it. It was just a bad deal.
That's where the internet can lead you. And yeah, I don't know. Like, it's like the first thing I say,
generally, if I tweet something reacting to something that happened, it's always pretty
inflammatory. And I think that's just kind of like instinct that you know, that's kind of the stuff
you say on Twitter. Like, is that the problem? Like, I feel like anyone reacting to me negatively
is fully justified because I kind of said something I just shouldn't have said in the first place.
Even if like, we're on different pages, we shouldn't really be arguing right now. I kind of invited it.
Yeah, I think it's with all this stuff, it's kind of complicated, right? Like, if you take that to
an extreme, you kind of eliminate all comedy in a way. Like, there is a level of, I think some of
the things I say are probably snarky if you like, just honestly, they are. But they're also funny
for the right audience. But for the wrong audience, they might get upset and they might reply to me
in a way where they're annoyed. And you're right, they're 100% justified in venting in that way,
because they, I annoyed them. Yeah. So I think it's okay. I think that I'm not going to say like,
the world needs to get rid of that because there is comedy there. And what are we going to have
otherwise? It's a bunch of like really bland statements and million qualifiers. And people
talk about this a lot where like, there's like almost this Twitter speak that people get trained
into where they qualify the heck out of everything they say, because they're anticipating all the
people interpreting them in some black and white way. Like, they'll say like, mostly or like,
sometimes or usually or I know this, but I know that like it's you kind of fill it with all this
filler stuff, which I get why people do that. But this is a defensive way of talking that I don't
really love either. It's not very natural. Yeah. We all get it. It depends. We get it. Like,
everything depends. But that's not fun. Like, that's not fun to talk on Twitter about how,
like, this little thing is just an edge case where sometimes it's more fun to be like,
you should always or this is the best because we're excited about things.
I don't know. Yeah, we're excited. And I think oftentimes when you need to make change
or there's habits or biases, you do need to phrase things in that way so that
it moves even like, you know, 5% in direction that it should. Like, if you say, if there's
there's like a bad practice that's rampant and common and you say, you should never do this,
that has a chance of reducing it by 5%. It's not like people are going to hear that and like,
just 100% listen to you and no one's ever going to consider it again. So to me, that's kind of,
yeah, it's like what you said, it's boring. It's like, why focus on that detail? Yeah, we're not
dummies. We know that there's almost nothing that is always and almost something that's never.
And we only have 240 characters, so. Well, actually you have a lot now. I think you can do as many
as you want. Yeah, well, I don't know if there's an end. That's few shell out the money. Oh, it's
not just fruit. Okay, yeah. I tell you, my wife got upset. Like, all the things I spend money on,
my my wife was like, why are we spending $8 on Twitter? She saw it on like iTunes bill. I didn't
think about it being like on our personal stuff. Like, well, it's hard to explain. But basically,
you have to pay for Twitter now. It's, it's important. And she's like, I don't think you have to pay
for Twitter. Did you buy all your followers? And like, kind of, but not with Twitter blue.
I literally, I've been paying for Twitter since what even this is even before the Elon
thing. Yeah, same. It's because I two dollars or whatever. Yeah, I spend so much time on this thing.
And I want to like help them in any way possible. I hate all the features I get with it. I literally
pay for Twitter blue and I turn everything off the undo. I can't see I thought I turned it off,
but I can't seem to keep it to stay off. Like on web, it'll keep showing up. I'm like, just send
it now. Why would I want to wait for this tweet to go out? Like, there are things in life I regret.
I don't regret that. Well, this whole this whole episode has been about how maybe you should wait.
Oh, yeah. Think about it. Maybe that's a good feature. Read the tweet first. Are you inflamed?
Like, can I like objectively look at it? Yeah. That's how I try to get into fake fight. Oh,
so you're going to say something important. No, no, go ahead. Tell me about your fake fight.
Yeah, I just remembered talking about Twitter fights. It was another situation where I said
something like I quote tweeted somebody was rocks. I'm just going to say it because it's fun.
I quote tweeted rocks. And I was sort of like, Oh, no, I subtweeted him. I didn't quote tweet
it. It was a word. It was a sub tweet. And he figured out it was about him. I subtweeted rocks.
He he DM me is like, Hey, you want to have a fake fight just to drum up some excitement.
That sounded fun. So we, but we're about too nice. So it failed miserably. Like we were trying to
like find a way to escalate and neither one of us good. And so we banded it like an hour later.
Yeah, you need the real emotion behind it. Yeah, there was a moment there were a couple people
like don't that I remember saw one of the tweets and he's like, Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize
you guys were going back and forth. He thought we were really fighting. So we can convince somebody
at least one person. Nice. The other thing I was thinking about is communities that do this pretty
well. And I think it's this concept of they just have certain rules. And they accept that sometimes
that means good conversation gets eliminated by those rules. But it's for the long term health of
the community. As I know people hate on hacker news a lot. And they're just like, of course,
all these funny things with hacker news that we can make fun of. But in terms of their comment
section for how long they've been around, how much growth they've seen, how fast some of that growth
has been. Their comment section is pretty good. Like it doesn't really turn that often into this
kind of stuff we see on Twitter stuff that just is unhealthy. People stamp out very quickly.
Their moderator for us named dang, I think he's he's amazing. He's incredible. I think he's
he's been doing this for doing that for so long. And he's made very few mistakes. And he just has
a set of rules he follows. And the conversation there does tend to be pretty good. Like, I think
people make fun of them because they're a bunch of nerds. We're a bunch of nerds. We're all a
bunch of nerds and we have stupid ways of thinking sometimes. But in terms of the quality of the
back and forth, I find it to be pretty healthy. People generally give people a benefit of the
doubt. This thing of like someone saying something and then someone figuring out like the most
black and white by interpretation of it and then arguing against that and then that like
devolving. I don't see that happen there that much. So yeah, I think this kind of thing can work.
And it does require certain rules people abiding by. And yeah, some days we're annoyed. So we fail,
we fall short of that. And that's okay. I basically think it's all okay. I know like people get into
really intense stuff, but you learn over time, like what types of behavior leads to situations
you regret and you know that it's not worth it. And you just learn that over time. And maybe some
people never do, but I feel like most people will figure that out. Yeah, my mind's all over the place.
But I just started thinking through like is Twitter, is it uniquely Twitter? Like do most
fights that I'm involved in happen on Twitter? I think of like Reddit places where like people
complain about the comments being so negative, but they don't really, there's not fights on those
platforms, at least in my experience, is that? Are there other places other than Twitter? I
guess Facebook probably, but I don't know anybody that gets on Facebook. I think on Twitter, it feels
a little bit more like a traditional fight because our identities are so visible. Like our parts
zone as are on Twitter. Yeah, like your PhD, XR is reded and five was DAX and that cartoon avatar.
Or yeah, I just I'm now going through all of the people on Twitter that I can think of trash
dev like all these real people and their identities. Yeah, I guess I didn't mean like they're real
identity. I just meant like, I know what you mean. The concept of a person is so visible. Like
you know, there's like a person. And so when these fights happen, it's between these people
that you could recognize. There's reputations like tied to those identities, even if they're
pseudo anonymous or whatever the word is. Yeah. So they feel a lot more like like beefs or fights.
I imagine all the platforms are probably similar. I just I've never really been like a Reddit
commenter. So I don't really know what kinds of things happen there. I read a lot on Reddit.
That's it. Yeah. I do get this thing when I talk to people in real life. Like I mentioned
Twitter, we probably Twitter comes up. Oftentimes, there's like a groan of being like, oh, yeah, like
I always like regret going on it. I have always negative experiences on it or it just makes me
feel terrible. And I don't have that experience at all. Of course, it happens every once in a while,
but majority of my Twitter experience is fantastic. It does take work, I think like I'm very specific
about who I follow. I pay attention to who's quote tweeting stuff I don't want to see into my feed.
I think that's one of the biggest things. You know, there's my bubble that I'm a part of. And
generally, people in my bubble think a certain way. And some people in my bubble will occasionally
quote tweet something from outside my bubble being like, look how stupid this is. And then I'll waste
10 minutes reading like hate reading all the replies. Yeah. And I think that's where all the
negativity enters for me. And as long as I kind of unfollow people that do that too much. My experience
is pretty good. I don't know about you. Yeah, I just I need to do better about that. I don't
unfollow people. I feel like I'm slapping someone if I unfollow them. Like it just feels like a hate
crime. I don't know. So I just basically have never unfollowed people that just like follow
list grows until the end of time. But I do mute people. If I see in usually though, it's not like
this person said something that made me upset. It's usually just like this person kind of annoys
me and I don't want to unfollow them. That's rude. But I'm going to go ahead and mute them so I never
see their stuff. It's always funny when like those people are still kind of involved in the bubble.
And you just see replies to tweet and it's like this person's muted. It's always fun to like tap
that like, who did I mute? Oh, yeah. Yeah. And then I always I'm always like, Oh, that's why I
needed them. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, reply to that tweet is like further evidence that they need to be
muted. Yeah, it's a hard thing. I think Twitter is interesting because there you do have this little
bubble that you exist in, but it's so touches so many other bubbles that there's no way to keep it
all out for good. You have to actively have to stay on top of it. And I've heard other people say
that. So I think you're just probably good at that and you get better. Yeah, I just get so much
value from it that I it's like worth putting in the effort of making sure it works well. I do love
Twitter. It just feels like the place where we hang out. And I hope it never dies. So filter bubbles
are good. That's what you're you're telling us. Yeah, I think we should kind of embrace the fact that
we want to be around people that are somewhat similar to us. And that doesn't mean there's not
diversity within that group. There's all kinds of diversity in there, but you need like a shared
context. And we can kind of we've all witnessed what happens when when you don't have that. All
right, well, don't get any more internet fights. I think we've we've had enough fights this week,
at least. Well, on to the next week. Yeah. All right, see you next. See you.